Application tasks
	1. Define folder paths - create a function to execute these steps: these actions take place once the user initiates an action
		a. Does a path.txt file exists in the same folder as deploy.sh?
			i. If file exists 
				1) Does it contain a staging path
				2) Else prompt users for staging path
				3) Does it contain a production path
				4) Else prompt user for a production path  
				5) Does it contain an archive path
				6) Else prompt user for archive path
			ii. Else create If a txt file containing staging, production, and archive folders doesn't exists you will be prompted to:
				1) prompt users for staging path
				2) prompt user for a production path  
				3) prompt user for archive path
				
	2. Promote application: take these actions once the user initiates a request
		a. Do all necessary conditions exist to move the application? 
			i. If production and archive paths are defined in path.txt and a production application exists in the production folder and you have permissions to move files to the folder
				1) Take the current production application and zip the files with naming based on name and date and time, 
				2) Then move the zipped files to an archive/production folder on the system
			ii. If you don't have permissions it'll will prompt you to elevate permissions to the folder 
				1) Once permissions are elevated 
					a) Take the current production application and zip the files, 
					b) Then move the zipped files to an archive folder on the system
			
			iii. If not/Else if paths are undefined, run Define folder paths
				1) Then proceed to zip and move files
			iv. If not/Else if a production application doesn't exist, read to user "no application in production path"
		b. If application exists in the staging folder take a dotnet core application from a staging folder and move it to the production folder
		c. Else read to user "no application in staging environment"
	
	3. Rollback application: take these actions once the user initiates a request
		a. Do all necessary conditions exist to roll back the application? 
			i. If production and archive paths are defined in path.txt and a production application exists in the production folder and you have permissions to move files to the folder
				1) Take the current production application and zip the files with naming convention based on app name and date and time, 
				2) Then move the zipped files to an archive/rollback folder on the system
			ii. If you don't have permissions it'll will prompt you to elevate permissions to the folder 
				1) Once permissions are elevated 
					a) Take the current production application and zip the files, 
					b) Then move the zipped files to an archive/rollback folder on the system
			
			iii. If not/Else if paths are undefined, run Define folder paths
				1) Then proceed to zip and move files
			iv. If not/Else if a production application doesn't exist, read to user "no application in production path"
		b. If applications exists in the archive/production folder
			i. Take the most recent dotnet core application from archive/production folder and move it to the production folder
		c. Else read to user "no application in archive environment"
	
	4. Exit application





